# Experimental Features
In this article you'll learn about our experimental features.

> **Do experimental features impact my integration with the Ratecard API?**
>
> No. Experimental features will and should never affect any active endpoint and use thereof. They're entirely opt-in and are potentially subject to change.

Now lets take a dive into the future of the Ratecard API.

## Auto translate
An extension to the new localization feature set. Auto translate integrates with the Google Translate API to translate data in responses based on the current or given locale. The only endpoint supporting auto translate is the feedback list endpoint (and scoped variants).

<!-- theme: warning -->
> Using Auto Translate will result in a significantly slower response time for large batches of data. It is recommended you only use this header when retrieving single items if your request is not on a back-end process.

### Enabling auto translate
To enable auto translate you need to add the `Ratecard-Auto-Translate` header to your request.

### Levels
Auto translate is divided in 3 levels currently. We want to enable you to translate based on your needs.

##### Level 1 (recipient input) |  `Ratecard-Auto-Translate: 1`
This translation level translates data given by recipients. This is limited to question titles & answers of text & textarea fields on feedback endpoints. 

##### Level 2 (user input) |  `Ratecard-Auto-Translate: 2`
This translation includes translations from previous level  and translates data generated by users of the app. This is limited to notes & replies on feedback items.

##### Level 3 (resource strings) |  `Ratecard-Auto-Translate: 3`
This translation level translates names, subjects & other string values that can contain translatable language for resources. This is limited to the feedback endpoints currently.  Includes translations from previous level.

### Overruling the locale
Because we need to be able to support edge cases the `translate=<language>` query parameter has been added. If you've localized your integration and want to apply translations to strings in the response that don't match your localized language you can use this query parameter.